hello my name is larry w williams what
you're about to see in here may be very
disturbing it should disturb you and
anger you to the point that you want to
make a change this is a short
documentary film written directed and
produced by me this documentary would
tell part of the story of my
relationship with boob and what I have
learned about it and how it has impacted
my life I have watched as a wife several
relatives and friends left this world in
agony because of what they put in their
mouths when Americans are afflicted with
all manner of debilitating and chronic
diseases I am a product of a mother and
father that HSN boobs that my
grandparents and their parents for
folding mate mixed in with some new
health slapping treats from the 20th
century's standard American diet we have
been duped into believing that the one
debris it builds our bodies 12 different
ways and that a balanced meal must
include meat and animal products like
milk and cheese and all the hiring
process like substances we have been
taught to believe that the diseases that
are such a plague in the USA or natural
phase in the aging process the truth of
the matter is that it's not natural at
all we have all been mislaid lie to and
taking advantage of by the mega
corporations that control the food
supply the FDA the AMA the Cattlemen's
Association meat and dairy the list goes
on and it's scandalous and may be hard
for you to believe that we are
intentionally poisoned to make companies
that profit this is blood money ask
yourself what matter of person can
knowingly pedal death there has been
known and proven curious for counsel for
a very long time
and yet the ones who came forward with
these cures were fought tooth and nail
by the am a counselor foundation
alternative methods of treating cancer
have been banned in the USA it is
actually illegal to use any other
methods but surgery chemotherapy and
drugs the true story is that very
successful capital counselor remedies
have been suppressed to ensure the
success of the counselor industry yes
counselors and industry heart diseases
and industry disease itself is an
internship the spread and proliferation
of disease is in business a very
profitable business forty percent of the
american population is obese we pay more
for health care than any other
industrialized nation fifteen hundred
Americans died from cancer every day we
have infants instant incidence of
hypertension and type 2 diabetes and our
grinder school children half of the
population is on the prescription
medications we spend 2.2 trillion
dollars on health care that's five times
as much as the defense budget this is
the first generation to have a shorter
lifespan than their penalties 500,000
people go in for coordinating bypass
every year at the price of one hundred
thousand dollars a piece for a total of
five billion annually annually one out
of three people will have diabetes in
their lifetime there is no money in
healthy people and no money in 10 people
the money is in between people who are
alive so do we want to move chronic
debilitating diseases all is not lost
there's a cure for us in the planet
and it is not in pills or surgery the
cure is in a plant-based diet
Hippocrates the father of Medicine said
let food be our minister there are
thousands will reverse the effect of
debilitating diseases and heal
themselves natural with diet I am one of
them this is the first in a series of
documentaries that will explore the
connection between diet and disease and
exposed to fraud hypocrisy and deception
prevalent in our commune in medical
industry Genesis first chapter 29 to 30
verse says and God said behold I have
given you every plant nearly see that is
on the face of all the earth in every
tree whoopsie in its food you should
have them for food and to every beast
alert and to have the bird into heaven
into everything that creeps on the earth
everything that has the prep of life i
have given every green plant for food
and it was soaked ezekiel 3 Interpol
says my body has never been contaminated
by a new place